Update data-ingestion-time.md (#25)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-monitor-docs: articles/azure-monitor/logs/data-ingestion-time.md

| Step | Property or function | Comments |
|:---|:---|:---|

> | Record created at data source | [TimeGenerated](./log-standard-columns.md#timegenerated) <br>If the data source doesn't set this value, it will be set to the same time as _TimeReceived. | The TimeGenerated value cannot be older than 2 days before received time or more than a day in the future. If in some situation, the value is older than 2 days or more than a day in the future, it would be replaced with the actual recieved time. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Record created at data source | [TimeGenerated](./log-standard-columns.md#timegenerated) <br>If the data source doesn't set this value, it will be set to the same time as _TimeReceived. | The TimeGenerated value can't be older than 2 days before the received time or more than a day in the future. If in some situations, the value is older than 2 days or more than a day in the future, it will be replaced with the actual received time. |
```
